TO DO
-sound effects (each different tile has a different note from the major scale?)

fulfill basic requirements from challenge page

different coloured tiles with different amounts of hits to break
other different types of tiles - score mult, other effects ...

-> increase speed of ball
-> score mult
-> paddle speed? 

is it a pick from three perks game or a deckbuilder? choose which tiles are going to go into the set of tiles the board is constructed from?
reshuffle system like in nubby after goal is passed and ball goes off the edge?
reset ball speed every new round

desperately want roguelike elements - set number of lives, powerups, control which direciton the initial ball launch goes, change certain properties of the board, score requirements per round ... 


CURRENT BRICK SPAWNING SETUP
if a brick is going to spawn a new brick after it gets hit this is done with the spawnBrickSignal signal
when we instance a new brick, this signal is connected with code
but if we make the scene from hand to start with, this connection is not made and has to be done manually first
the new instances of that type of brick will have the signal connected automatically, though

this is the case for all signals associated with bricks:
	- score signal
	- spawning signal
	- score popup signal
	
	
TILES

gold - 64 points, +1 score mult
pink - 32 points, 
purple - 16 points,
blue - 8 points, 
green - 4 points, 
red - 2 points, 
white - 1 point, no extra effect

plus extra ones that don't decay into anything
these can be either really powerful or have negative effects

effects:
	+1 score mult
	increase speed of paddle
	increase speed of ball
	explodes when hit? hits nearby tiles?
	gain a life?
	lose a life?
	add tiles to deck?
	remove tiles from deck?
	extra ball?
	points for bouncing on walls and paddle?
	
THE DECK

the player has a 'deck' of tiles which they can modify at the end of each level
the next level is then generated from this deck of tiles
starts out with some default deck, 30 white, 20 red, 10 green?
player aims to add powerful tiles into the deck 
	-> if a high tier tile decays into a low tier, they will always pick the highest tier. what do we do about that.
have to add a good and a bad token each level?

deck is an array of tiles
shuffle it and pick some number to construct the board from
